You bring the bamboo immediately.
Fruit plate Mi Xiu caught up
Follow him for 900 steps
Tribute to the southeast
Burn incense and worship the four directions
If he receives tribute
Even if you pass this hurdle
You've done something completely wrong.
Dare to ask who I am
Hahaha, this is the girl going to the little monk
Not unintentional burden
No burden
How do I hear this sound?
Why does that sound so familiar to me?
Hey hey hey hey hey
Why is it you?
Isn't this a few words of kinship?
I happened to meet you on the way back.
You, you, aspen, he's not hurrying, you're scaring me here
You are now
smoke
As the saying goes, don't do bad things and don't be afraid of ghosts knocking on the door
You be honest
You are sneaky
Did you do something bad?
I did a bad thing, you see for yourself